if it's a game freak sec installing
flash me eight from going from so my
nitro which is ancient to flash me eight
which is new which very new to be a
movie blur you should connect into the
power supply I'm yeah I just can't find
my moment
ok this should not have the auto boot on
here because I installed it with no
water route
that's pretty sweet okay as you can see
now I version 8 remove my pass card just
to prove that also Vietnam you can see
that no I'll select this is the reverse
one basically it's one status for if
you've got like super card Rimbaud or
psych look like that so now I can be my
stuff today it's basically how to
install if installed it you need to you
should you should again if you don't I
need lose power or like budge fills out
not my problem your fault follow
everything except some things and
nobody's responsible if you kill your D
s apart from yourself because you have
to accept you have to accept anything
when you're flashing so even if you get
bad dump or someone sends you a virus
and you use that it's your fault because
you shouldn't of dancers like